docs(core): extend the description of generator schema options (#7927)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/generators/generator-options.md

```json
{
  "sourceMap": {
    "description": "Output sourcemaps. Use 'hidden' for use with error reporting tools without generating sourcemap comment.",
    "default": true,
    "oneOf": [
      {
        "type": "boolean"
      },
      {
        "type": "string"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

In this example, `sourceMap` accepts the value whose type is either `boolean` or `string`. Another example:

```json
{
  "optimization": {
    "description": "Enables optimization of the build output.",
    "oneOf": [
      {
        "type": "object",
        "properties": {
          "scripts": {
            "type": "boolean",
            "description": "Enables optimization of the scripts output.",
            "default": true
          },
          "styles": {
            "type": "boolean",
            "description": "Enables optimization of the styles output.",
            "default": true
          }
        },
        "additionalProperties": false
      },
      {
        "type": "boolean"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

`optimization` accepts either an object that includes `scripts` and `styles` properties, or an boolean that switches the optimization on or off.

#### `anyOf`

> Only accepts that value that matches one of the condition properties. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only accepts a value that matches one of the condition properties. Example:
```

```json
{
  "format": {
    "type": "string",
    "description": "ESLint Output formatter (https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/formatters).",
    "default": "stylish",
    "anyOf": [
      {
        "enum": [
          "stylish",
          "compact",
          "codeframe",
          "unix",
          "visualstudio",
          "table",
          "checkstyle",
          "html",
          "jslint-xml",
          "json",
          "json-with-metadata",
          "junit",
          "tap"
        ]
      },
      { "minLength": 1 }
    ]
  }
}
```

> In this example, `format` accepts the string including in the `enum` property, or/and the string whose minimum length is larger than 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `format` accepts a string listed in the `enum` property, and/or a string whose minimum length is larger than 1.
```

#### `allOf`

> Only accepts that value that matches all of the condition properties.  Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only accepts a value that matches all of the condition properties.  Example:
```

```json
{
  "a": {
    "type": "number",
    "allOf": [{ "multipleOf": 5 }, { "multipleOf": 3 }],
  }
}
```

> In this example, `a` only accepts the value that can be divided by 5 **and** 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `a` only accepts a value that can be divided by 5 **and** 3.
```

    "alias": "t"
  },
  "directory": {
    "type": "string",
    "description": "A directory where the project is placed",
    "alias": "d"
  }
}
```

You can pass either `--tags` or `-t` to provide the value of the property `tag`; either `--directory` or `-d` to provide the value of the property `directory`.

#### `aliases`

Mostly same as `alias`, but it can accept multiple aliases. Example:

```json
{
  "directory": {
    "description": "Directory where the generated files are placed.",
    "type": "string",
    "aliases": ["dir", "path"]
  }
}
```

You can pass either `--dir`, `--path` or even `--directory` to provide the value of the property `directory`.

#### `description`

The description for users of your property. Example:

```json
{
  "flat": {
    "description": "Flag to indicate if a directory is created.",
    "type": "boolean",
    "default": false
  }
}
```

#### `format`

The format of this property. Available options are: `path`, `html-selector`, and etc. Example:

```json
{
  "prefix": {
    "type": "string",
    "format": "html-selector",
    "description": "The prefix to apply to generated selectors.",
    "alias": "p"
  }
}
```

> In this example, the providing value of `prefix` should be formed in the `html-selector` schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the value provided for `prefix` should be formatted using the `html-selector` schema.
```

#### `visible`

> Indicate that if the property should be visible in the configuration UI. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicate whether the property should be visible in the configuration UI. Example:
```

```json
{
  "path": {
    "format": "path",
    "visible": false,
  }
}
```

> According to the source code: the `path` won't be visible in the configuration UI, and will default to the relative path (if available and users do not provide that property).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `path` won't be visible in the configuration UI, and will use a default value
```

##### ⚠️ `x-prompt` > `type`

The type of the prompt.

##### ⚠️ `x-prompt` > `items`

The choice of the prompt. The `x-prompt.type` must be `list`. The declaration of `items` is:

```ts
// with ? - optional
// without ? - required
// | - or
items?: (string | { name: string; message: string })[];
```

Example that contains `value` and `label`:

```json
{
  "style": {
    "description": "The file extension to be used for style files.",
    "type": "string",
    "default": "css",
    "enum": ["css", "scss", "sass", "less"],
    "x-prompt": {
      "message": "Which stylesheet format would you like to use?",
      "type": "list",
      "items": [
        {
          "value": "css",
          "label": "CSS"
        },
        {
          "value": "scss",
          "label": "SASS(.scss)  [ http://sass-lang.com   ]"
        },
        {
          "value": "sass",
          "label": "SASS(.sass)  [ http://sass-lang.com   ]"
        },
        {
          "value": "less",
          "label": "LESS         [ http://lesscss.org     ]"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

##### `x-prompt` > `multiselect`

Allow to multi-select in the prompt.

#### `x-deprecated`

> Indicate that if the property is deprecated. Can be a `boolean` or a `string`. The `boolean` example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicate whether the property is deprecated. Can be a `boolean` or a `string`. The `boolean` example:
```

```json
{
  "setupFile": {
    "description": "The name of a setup file used by Jest. (use Jest config file https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration#setupfilesafterenv-array)",
    "type": "string",
    "x-deprecated": true
  }
}
```

> It indicates that the property `setupFile` is deprecated without a reason. The `string` example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This indicates that the property `setupFile` is deprecated without a reason. The `string` example:
```

```json
{
  "tsSpecConfig": {
    "type": "string",
    "description": "The tsconfig file for specs.",
    "x-deprecated": "Use the `tsconfig` property for `ts-jest` in the e2e project `jest.config.js` file. It will be removed in the next major release."
  }
}
```

> It indicates that users should use the `tsconfig` property rather than specify this property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This indicates that users should use the `tsconfig` property rather than specify this property.
```

#### `number` specific: `multipleOf`

Make sure that the number can be divided by the specified number. Example:

```json
{
  "a": {
    "type": "number",
    "multipleOf": 5
  }
}
```

In this example, `a` **only** accepts the value that can be divided by 5.

#### `number` specific: `minimum`

> Make sure that the number is greater than or equal the specified number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the number is greater than or equal to the specified number.
```

```json
{
  "value": {
    "type": "number",
    "minimum": 5
  }
}
```

> In this example, `value` **only** accepts the value that is greater than or equal to 5 (`value >= 5`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `value` **only** accepts a value that is greater than or equal to 5 (`value >= 5`).
```

You can read more at [Understanding JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/numeric.html#range).

#### `number` specific: `exclusiveMinimum`

Make sure that the number is greater than the specified number.

```json
{
  "value": {
    "type": "number",
    "exclusiveMinimum": 4,
  }
}
```

> In this example, `value` **only** accepts the value that is greater than 4 (`value > 4`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `value` **only** accepts a value that is greater than 4 (`value > 4`).
```

You can read more at [Understanding JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/numeric.html#range).

#### `number` specific: `maximum`

> Make sure that the number is less than or equal the specified number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the number is less than or equal to the specified number.
```

```json
{
  "value": {
    "type": "number",
    "maximum": 200
  }
}
```

> In this example, `value` **only** accepts the value that is less than or equal to 200 (`value <= 200`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `value` **only** accepts a value that is less than or equal to 200 (`value <= 200`).
```

You can read more at [Understanding JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/numeric.html#range).

#### `number` specific: `exclusiveMaximum`

Make sure that the number is less than the specified number.

```json
{
  "value": {
    "type": "number",
    "maximum": 201
  }
}
```

> In this example, `value` **only** accepts the value that is less than 201 (`value < 201`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `value` **only** accepts a value that is less than 201 (`value < 201`).
```

You can read more at [Understanding JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/numeric.html#range).

#### `string` specific: `pattern`

Make sure that the string matches the RegExp pattern.

```json
{
  "value": {
    "type": "string",
    "pattern": "^\\d+$"
  }
}
```

> In this example, `value` requires the value to match the `^\\d+$` pattern, which is a regular expression that matches the string that contains only digits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `value` requires the value to match the `^\\d+$` pattern, which is a regular expression that matches a string that contains only digits.
```
